hi everyone 133 megahertz here and today
I'm going to show you my keyboard
Famicom this one doesn't look very
special but check this out
yeah printer port so we're going to try
to print something out of it here we
have an old dot-matrix printer I'm going
to load some fresh paper into it and
we'll see what happens so let's put this
paper
papers ready
now just to show you that this is a real
PEM clone I'm going to load Super Mario
Brothers 2
fortunately I don't have any controllers
for this one because this one uses 15
pin controllers instead of 19 like most
time clones now I'm going to load the
operating system cartridge you can see
we're going to the editor now let's try
something out
move that loop now I'm going to plug the
printer cable is a parallel printer
cable into the famiclone
you can see it's plugged in now so I
push the Escape key Springs up the menu
select the print option place right now
and forgot to put the printer on line
sets printer or a border will continue
saleable I forgot to push the online
button there we go now scape train
option turn and there you have it looks
a little blurry that the text is
perfectly normal so this is my printing
keyboard famiclone and I hope to show
you more videos in the future so see you
next time